---
hack_number: 22
date: 2022-01-29

---

It was an exceedingly kid-friendly and chillax-ed hackday. There was a 5 year old's birthday party, two different kid-friendly viewing activities, and one of our original organisers had a new addition to the family!

### Things People Did

- Adam started out the day by begging people to help him write _actual_ async javascript, which he is not very good at...then he ~sat~ passed(!!!) his UK Driving Theory exam, meaning he now gets to book the next available slot for the Practical Exam, which is currently in June. He then took his daughter to a birthday party at the St. Andrews aquarium, in which no children went missing.
- Ben joined us after a bit of a hiatus, mostly to work on rendering some images, for which the repo is [here](https://github.com/benfoxall/pixels). He also found spare minutes to help out by just writing out some amazing async javascript, which formed a big part of Adam's code corpus compilation project: the Javascript edition (repo [here](https://github.com/lpmi-13/code-corpus-collector)).
- Max checked in during the day to mention the fab time he was having looking at dinosaurs and watching Dr. Who with his two children.
- Ryan had a baby (by which we mean he stood by and tried to be helpful while his wife did all the work) and all he got was this stupid hackday note mention (shirt to follow).
- Dan showed up to work on a “secret project”, which was just to solder the GPIO pins to a new Raspberry Pi Zero W, attach the TV HAT and put it in a lovely little box that he bought. It’s now a tiny TV receiver.
- ...but what was MVP Ruth up to? We sadly had no podcast episodes (we should really make another one of those...) to catch us up.

> Postscript: A few days later, Adam used Ben's amazing async code to great effect, adding some javascript functions to the parsons problems game at https://parsons-problems.netlify.app.
