---
hack_number: 26
date: 2022-05-28

---

An amazing and very full hackday! We returned to a full house, with 9 people joining! There were so many problems that we solved, our only problem was how to find more problems!

## Things people did

- **Max** fixed everyone's problems, which was exceedingly helpful.

- **Hugh** joined us for the first time, and had an issue with NextJS images..

- ...and **Max** fixed it.

- ...and then **Hugh** had another problem with multi-window Windows and WSL...

- ...and then **Max** fixed that as well!

- and _THEN_ **Hugh** worked out how to use steampipe to `SELECT HTML FROM INTERNET` using postgres.

- **Joe** was also a first-time remote hacker, and did some amazing physical hacking on an axe block. He may have recursively needed to sharpen the axe he used on it with a _different_ axe block...

- **Dan** had a website, and we guilted him into adding a meta description (name, not property!) to get those hundreds on lighthouse! He also learned how to share an entire screen in discord!

- **Becky** was looking at some GCP cloud IDE stuff, and we anxiously awaited a demo...and then she decided to get into some kind slash rootless docker slash podman stuff, which was a classic remotehack misdirection!

- **Gabor** kept trying to tell his neighbours not to have people park in front of his garage. Gawdy stickers were discussed as a solution.

- **Ryan** went to an optometrist, and got certified as still having eyes. We rejoiced.

- **Panda** was working out how to remove Google fonts from his project...

- ...and then **Max** solved his problem.

- And _THEN_ **Panda** decided to move into devops, and everyone was massively encouraging.

- **Max** fixed more problems.

- **Adam** was trying to get all the docs from AWS/GCP/Azure, and had limited success...he definitely ordered two foam cowbow hats to turn into headphones.

- ...and then **Max** fixed his own problems with installing rvm on a raspberry pi.

- ...and then **HUGH** solved Adam's problem with his discord audio settings!

- And _THEN_ **Adam** wanted to take f10design.com to a factor of 10...and **Max** also solved that (with assistance from **Panda**).

- Most importantly, **Dan** was able to fix the issues from the Jira-tracker on his train text site, and in doing so, he SAVED THE JUBILEE!!!


...AND we also recorded 3 micro-casts and a hackside chat!

Total problems solved: 1,373
