---
hack_number: 38
date: 2023-06-24
---

Although the sun did grace us mightily across the island, this was one of the better-attended hackdays in recent memory. I'm not saying that the allure of JQ-Pilot had 100% of the credit for this, but I'm also not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not saying it.

## Things people did

-   **Dan** took apart some headphones, attempted some soldering, melted the wrong things and gave up; then learned how to make breadboard diagrams instead.

-   **Joe** added to his 3D dice roller, adding a UI to allow users to create the dice they want, refactoring the results signal to support many dice, discovering thanks to Pete that he'd massively overcomplicated his vector maths, and then getting stressed about Godot finding 36 faces on a twelve sided die.

-   **Pete** had a lovely chat and then didn’t do any code, but “hacked” the wildflower meadow in his garden into some semblance of a lawn.

-   **Hugh** wrote some C code that he didn't finish but he did do some fun talking about JQ and nushell and fx, so we're calling it a success anyway. The C code was meant to download some files and display them in a window in such a way that it can run without Xorg, but what actually ended up happening was that libcurl created some nice empty files and hung, which is a step in the right direction, which is all you can really ask for from C in Hugh's opinion.

-   **Panda** tried to make an intentionally noise making thing less noisy with not much success.

-   **Adam** Somehow tricked everyone into writing their own updates of what they worked on and then pasting that in the discord channel for him to just copy into this document and it was hashtag delicious...he also fixed a few bugs in JQ Pilot and then helped his daughter build a rocketship out of a cardboard box.
