---
hack_number: 41
date: 2023-09-30
---

Our second attempt at adding the stuff people did directly in the discord, so hopefully Adam is able to correctly write it down this time.

## Things People did

-   **Ryan** hacked on birthday/anniversary (which technically could be the same thing, cause they're both annual) stuff offline, which is an excellent use of a remotehack!

-   **Adam** was mostly unavailable, given the sway of the funfair mafia over his daughter. Though he was able to convince her to just go on rides herself, which had the double bonus of making the tokens disappear slower, and not requiring him to go on any rides. However, he did manage to open a PR for the recap of the previous hackday. Embarrassing. This was after about 30 minutes of being confused why his PR wasn't showing up, only to realise that he was not logged into GitHub. Oh wait, he actually did finish one super simple thing, which was some _very_ basic terraform code to [run Veilid nodes](https://github.com/lpmi-13/veilid-terraform-digitalocean/) in a bunch of different regions in Digital Ocean.

-   **Joe** did some bread hacking, and then discovered his internet was down, but it was due to needing to actually use the new router that the company told him to use. He then spent the rest of the day adminning IT and eating donuts. Plus side, he's now got wifi6! (I have no idea what that is, but all the kids on TikTok have meme vidz about it)

-   **Dan** was able to replatform his on-prem raspberry pi stuff back into the cloud (you know, the stuff he migrated off the cloud to his on-prem raspberry pi because his sysadmin told him it would be LOADS cheaper), mostly because his DevSecOps person (who is also the sysadmin, who is also Dan) told him it was way sketchy to open up his home network to the world. He then thought about using `yq`, but found out that docker compose can do the thing he needed to do anyway.

-   **Hugh** learned what the difference is between using 'o' and 'a' in chmod (a sets the value for u, g, and o), and then fought with linux to get it to recognize the serial on his raspberry pi pico - he only wanted to do a quick hack! Then, he continued working on his remotehack project into the evening, only to open the other file on his raspberry pi pico to realize that he had already implemented this project at a previous hack day. Though it turns out the _real_ hack was getting vscode to connect to his pico on linux, and the ports he opened along the way.

-   **Pete** was able to continue work on his [linter](https://github.com/peterjwest/unlinted), and obviously linted his own dogfood in the process. Though this particular line in the recap has some extra whitespace at the end, just to spite him.
