---
hack_number: 73
date: 2026-05-30
---

An old school banger, this was more a love-letter to hacks gone by, but with some tasty tea being spilled about like a billion different topics. Though light on participants, the discussion was far-ranging, and we hacked up our convos into amazing revelations, and ebullient tomfoolery. Hashtag emdash.

## Things people did

- **Gabor** was the MVP of this hackday, explaining quite a bit to us. It would be far too much to recount everything here, so we'll go with the highlights. We found out that he did all of the networking in his home, including getting 2 separate wired fiber connections for super dooper high availability. We also found out that he's restoring an entire grandfather clock to do some fun IoT stuff. This last big might be Adam misremembering, but it sounds cool, so I'm including it.

- **Adam** basically just interviewed Gabor for the majority of the hackday, mostly because he got a podcast mic for the purposes of recording better audio in all the videos that he absolutely 100% will definitely get to recording at some point. It's like the crappiest mic you can even get but is a 5,000% improvement on the built-in laptop mic.

- **Ben** started off on a beach with some coffee hacks, then rode his bike back home and listened to the ad-hoc podcast of Gabor and Adam discussing AI usage and how differentially approaching it can lead to varying results.

- **Gabor** also shared his [newsletter](https://buttondown.com/javorszky) on the weekly stuff he learns about AI, which is super cool. Adam immediately subscribed.

- **Adam** also tried to demo the Doom world game he vibed to visualise live system telemetry, but then realised that since it was running in his browser, it didn't actually matter if it was served from his localhost or iximiuz labs...it was still basically not going to work while also screensharing from a live discord call. Then he dropped a voice note of singing the official name of Bangkok, which is so long, it's [its own song](https://youtu.be/8Ux8POF8eMk?si=C3045KOVaQx1q-B-). Also, here's the [doom-perf lab](https://labs.iximiuz.com/playgrounds/doom-perf-c0bd32e1) to play around with (also works okay on mobile).

- **Ben** Then indulged Adam in zany musings about not just building a Doom-esque world to visualise a multi-VM compute environment, but an actual legit game (something running in Unity or one of those fancier engines that's not from the early 90s)...but then after that he explained to Adam that passkeys are _NOT_ just biometrics (as Adam had thought), but actual PKI stuff that you can have per website, and actually they're way more secure even than passwords. 
